Welcome to the clustering lesson.
You have a way to segment points and
recognize which ones represent obstacles for your car.
It would be great to break up and group obstacle points
to identify which points belong to different cars.
One way to do that grouping in clustered point data is called the Euclidean clustering.
The idea is you associate groups of points by how close they are.
You'll also look at building your own KD tree to make finding nearest neighbors search
quick inefficient to get started let's talk
about how you can implement Euclidean clustering.
All right. So here's the overview for clustering.
We're going to group points by how close they are to each other,
we're going to be using this data structure called a KD tree and it's
really going to help us a speedup the closest neighbor search.